"Believe you can and you're halfway there."
"Dream big. Start small. Act now." 
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal." 
"You are never too old to set another goal." 
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today."
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." 
"Your only limit is your mind." 
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." 
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." 
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." 
"Great things never come from comfort zones."
"Dream it. Believe it. Build it."
"The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." 
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can."
"Little by little, one travels far." 
"You are stronger than you think." 
"Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it."
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear."
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them."
"Believe in yourself and all that you are."
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." 
"You are capable of amazing things."
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends."
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart."
"Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it."
"The harder you work, the luckier you get."
"Dream it. Wish it. Do it."
"Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently."
"Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done."
"Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction."
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for."
"Little things make big days. Many small things lead to the big things."
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will."
"Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact."
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going."
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going."
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life."
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great."
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else."
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you."
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world."
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny."
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream."
"Believe in the magic within you."
"You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing."
"You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction."
"Push yourself, no one else is going to do it for you."
"The best revenge is massive success."
"Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow."
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible."
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."
"Work hard in silence, let success make the noise."
"Dream it. Believe it. Achieve it."
"Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits."
"It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up."
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin."
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
"Be a voice, not an echo."
"Every day may not be good, but there’s something good in every day."
"Dream it. Believe it. Work for it."
"The best way out is always through."
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right."
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today."
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are."
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success."
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it."
"You are what you do, not what you say you'll do."
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle."
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts."
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it."
"Motivation gets you going, but discipline keeps you growing."
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take."
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence."
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can."
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear."
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them."
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity."
"Success is not just about making money. It’s about making a difference."
"Your journey is not about becoming who you are. It is about unbecoming who you are not."
"Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine."
"Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect."
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be."
"Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do."